I am very happy to see you again!
Durian model is a very good speech synthesis!
When I was twenty, I fell in love with a girl.
I remove attention module in decoder and use average pooling to implement predicting r frames at once
You can not improve your past, but you can improve your future. Once time is wasted, life is wasted.
Death comes to all, but great achievements raise a monument which shall endure until the sun grows old.
Also, a popular contrivance whereby love making may be suspended but not stopped during the picnic season.
The beggar's plea, the politician's sceptre and the drummer's ablest assistant.
The song of the wretched.
A transferable ticket to the Haul of Fame.
Once held by Hobson and Dewey, now carried by Mother Eddy and Brother Dowie.
In Germany, they generally "Hock the Kaiser."
The Scottish National Hymn.
Also, a draft on futurity, sometimes honored, but generally extended.
This is a LibriVox recording.
This I took for a sign that he had himself something to produce and that we should only have to wait.
We waited in fact till two nights later; but that same evening, before we scattered, he brought out what was in his mind.
"I quite agree-in regard to Griffin's ghost, or whatever it was-that its appearing first to the little boy, at so tender an age, adds a particular touch.
"We say, of course," somebody exclaimed, "that they give two turns!
"Nobody but me, till now, has ever heard.
It's quite too horrible." This, naturally, was declared by several voices to give the thing the utmost price, and our friend, with quiet art, prepared his triumph by turning his eyes over the rest of us and going on: "It's beyond everything.
"For sheer terror?" I remember asking.
He passed his hand over his eyes, made a little wincing grimace.
"For dreadful-dreadfulness!"
"For general uncanny ugliness and horror and pain."
"Well then," I said, "just sit right down and begin."
Then as he faced us again: "I can't begin.
"The story's written.
It's in a locked drawer-it has not been out for years.
He had broken a thickness of ice, the formation of many a winter; had had his reasons for a long silence.
To this his answer was prompt.
You took the thing down?"
I took that HERE"--he tapped his heart. "I've never lost it."
She has been dead these twenty years.
"She was a most charming person, but she was ten years older than i She was my sister's governess," he quietly said. "She was the most agreeable woman I've ever known in her position; she would have been worthy of any whatever.
Oh yes; don't grin: I liked her extremely and am glad to this day to think she liked me, too.
She had never told anyone.
"Because the thing had been such a scare?"
He continued to fix me.
He laughed for the first time.
Yes, she was in love. That is, she had been.
"You'll receive the packet Thursday morning?" I inquired.
"Probably not till the second post."
"Isn't anybody going?"
It was almost the tone of hope.
"Everybody will stay!"
"Who was it she was in love with?"
"Oh, I can't wait for the story!"
"More's the pity, then.
He sprang to his feet again.
From our end of the great brown hall we heard his step on the stair; whereupon mrs Griffin spoke.
"Well, if I don't know who she was in love with, I know who HE was."
"She was ten years older," said her husband.
But it's rather nice, his long reticence."
"With this outbreak at last."
"The outbreak," I returned, "will make a tremendous occasion of Thursday night;" and everyone so agreed with me that, in the light of it, we lost all attention for everything else.
The last story, however incomplete and like the mere opening of a serial, had been told; we handshook and "candlestuck," as somebody said, and went to bed.
Then he became as communicative as we could desire and indeed gave us his best reason for being so.
One could easily fix his type; it never, happily, dies out.
These children were, by the strangest of chances for a man in his position-a lone man without the right sort of experience or a grain of patience-very heavily on his hands.
She would also have, in holidays, to look after the small boy, who had been for a term at school-young as he was to be sent, but what else could be done?--and who, as the holidays were about to begin, would be back from one day to the other.
I say, "whether color be gay or sad."
George" of Carpaccio at Venice, are all that I can name myself of great works.
Do not, therefore, think that the Gothic school is an easy one.
Our uneducated men work too bluntly to be ever in the right; but the Germans draw finely and resolutely wrong.
But look here at Carpaccio, even in my copy.
in a few moments to lose her forever.
I just now referred to the landscape by john Bellini in the National Gallery as one of the six best existing of the purist school, being wholly felicitous and enjoyable.
And here I am able to show you, fortunately, one of his works painted at this time of his most earnest thought; when his imagination was still freshly filled with the Greek mythology, and he saw for the first time with his own eyes the clouds come down upon the actual earth.
mr Soames was a tall, spare man, of a nervous and excitable temperament.
I beg you, mr Holmes, to do what you can."
Without his scrapbooks, his chemicals, and his homely untidiness, he was an uncomfortable man.
"To day, about three o'clock, the proofs of this paper arrived from the printers.
I had to read it over carefully, as the text must be absolutely correct.
For an instant I imagined that I had left my own there, but on feeling in my pocket I found that it was all right.
I had left them all together.
"The first page on the floor, the second in the window, the third where you left it," said he.
"Pray continue your very interesting statement."
"For an instant I imagined that Bannister had taken the unpardonable liberty of examining my papers.
"Bannister was very much upset by the incident.
I gave him a little brandy and left him collapsed in a chair, while I made a most careful examination of the room.
On the table in the window were several shreds from a pencil which had been sharpened.
A broken tip of lead was lying there also.
Evidently the rascal had copied the paper in a great hurry, had broken his pencil, and had been compelled to put a fresh point to it."
I have a new writing table with a fine surface of red leather.
I am prepared to swear, and so is Bannister, that it was smooth and unstained.
Now I found a clean cut in it about three inches long-not a mere scratch, but a positive cut.
Not only this, but on the table I found a small ball of black dough or clay, with specks of something which looks like sawdust in it.
I am convinced that these marks were left by the man who rifled the papers.
There were no footmarks and no other evidence as to his identity.
"The case is not entirely devoid of interest.
"But might be recognized as proofs?"
I was in such a hurry to come to you."
Not one of your cases, Watson-mental, not physical.
Above were three students, one on each story.
Holmes halted and looked earnestly at the window.
"He must have entered through the door.
There is no opening except the one pane," said our learned guide.
"Well, if there is nothing to be learned here, we had best go inside."
The lecturer unlocked the outer door and ushered us into his room.